New: multiple processors support (fixes #11035, fixes #11725) (#11552)
eslint/eslint: docs/user-guide/configuring.md

## Specifying Processor

Plugins may provide processors. Processors can extract JavaScript code from another kind of files, then lets ESLint lint the JavaScript code. Or processors can convert JavaScript code in preprocessing for some purpose.

To specify processors in a configuration file, use the `processor` key with the concatenated string of a plugin name and a processor name by a slash. For example, the following enables the processor `a-processor` that the plugin `a-plugin` provided:

```json
{
    "plugins": ["a-plugin"],
    "processor": "a-plugin/a-processor"
}
```

To specify processors for a specific kind of files, use the combination of the `overrides` key and the `processor` key. For example, the following uses the processor `a-plugin/markdown` for `*.md` files.

```json
{
    "plugins": ["a-plugin"],
    "overrides": [
        {
            "files": ["*.md"],
            "processor": "a-plugin/markdown"
        }
    ]
}
```

> Processors may make named code blocks such as `0.js` and `1.js`. ESLint handles such a named code block as like a child file of the original file. You can specify additional configurations for named code blocks by the `overrides` key. For example, the following disables `strict` rule for the named code blocks which end with `.js` in markdown files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Processors may make named code blocks such as `0.js` and `1.js`. ESLint handles such a named code block as a child file of the original file. You can specify additional configurations for named code blocks in the `overrides` section of the config. For example, the following disables `strict` rule for the named code blocks which end with `.js` in markdown files.
```
